Documentation~/index.md, before:

# About Visual Scripting

Use Visual Scripting to create logic for games or applications without hand-coded C# scripts. Visual Scripting uses visual, node-based graphs, which both programmers and non-programmers use to design final logic or create prototypes. Visual Scripting also has an API that programmers can use for more advanced tasks, or to create custom nodes for other team members.

Visual Scripting nodes can represent functions, operators, and variables. Connect these nodes from their ports with edges to design your logic visually.

## Installation

From Unity Editor version 2021.1 onward, Visual Scripting is installed by default as a package. For more information on packages, see the [Packages section](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/PackagesList.html) in the Unity User Manual.

For earlier versions of Unity, including 2019 LTS and 2020 LTS, you must install the Visual Scripting package from the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/visual-bolt-163802).

## Configure Visual Scripting

> [!NOTE]
> To use Visual Scripting in a project for the first time, you must [initialize it](vs-configuration.md#Initialize) from the Editor's [Project Settings](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/comp-ManagerGroup.html) window. 

To get started with Visual Scripting, [configure your project settings](vs-configuration.md) and [configure your preferences](vs-set-preferences.md).

## Choose a control scheme

Learn the common keyboard shortcuts and [choose a control scheme](vs-control-schemes.md) that suits your needs.

## Update Visual Scripting

Learn how to [update Visual Scripting](vs-update.md) and [create and restore backups](vs-create-restore-backups.md).

## System requirements

Visual Scripting has no external dependencies.

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.9.6 ## [1.9.6] - 2025-03-05 ### Fixed - Fixed the output path for Property Providers generated from User Editor code. [UVSB-2550](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/UVSB-2550) - Fixed a minor spelling issue in the Project Settings section [UVSB-2523](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/UVSB-2523) - Fixed an unexpected MissingComponentException thrown when using GetOrAddComponent [UVSB-2575](https://jira.unity3d.com/browse/UVSB-2575) - Fixed scenes not reopening after a Build when more than one Scene was opened and Visual Scripting with variables is used. [UVSB-2561](https://jira.unity3d.com/browse/UVSB-2561) - Fixed values of LocalizedAudioClip type being shown as None after selecting another game object and returning back [UVSB-2528](https://jira.unity3d.com/browse/UVSB-2528) - Fixed a compilation issue that happened when a project had another version of NCalc already installed. [UVSB-2583](https://jira.unity3d.com/browse/UVSB-2583) - Fixed an 'AudioMixerController' is inaccessible due to its protection level' error thrown when generating the AotStubs. [UVSB-2577](https://jira.unity3d.com/browse/UVSB-2577) - Fixed compilation error when AotStubs references Unity.NetworkManager.__rpc_func_table and Unity.NetworkManager.__rpc_name_table fields [UVSB-2563](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/UVSB-2563)
### Changed
- Improved the warning message when a library fails to load while scanning for Editor assemblies.

Documentation~/index.md, after:

# About Visual Scripting

Use Visual Scripting to create logic for games or applications without hand-coded C# scripts. Visual Scripting uses visual, node-based graphs, which both programmers and non-programmers use to design final logic or create prototypes. Visual Scripting also has an API that programmers can use for more advanced tasks, or to create custom nodes for other team members.

Visual Scripting nodes can represent functions, operators, and variables. Connect these nodes from their ports with edges to design your logic visually.

## Installation

Starting from Unity 2021 LTS onward, Visual Scripting is installed as a package in all new projects. For more information on packages, see the [Packages section](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/PackagesList.html) in the Unity User Manual. For earlier versions of Unity, Visual Scripting was available on the Asset Store, but that option has been deprecated. 

## Configure Visual Scripting

> [!NOTE]
> To use Visual Scripting in a project for the first time, you must [initialize it](vs-configuration.md#Initialize) from the Editor's [Project Settings](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/comp-ManagerGroup.html) window. 

To get started with Visual Scripting, [configure your project settings](vs-configuration.md) and [configure your preferences](vs-set-preferences.md).

## Choose a control scheme

Learn about the common keyboard shortcuts and [choose the control scheme](vs-control-schemes.md) that suits your needs.

## Update Visual Scripting

Learn how to [update Visual Scripting](vs-update.md) and [create and restore backups](vs-create-restore-backups.md).

## System requirements

Visual Scripting has no external dependencies.
