Documentation~/vs-add-remove-node-library.md, before:

# Add or remove nodes in your Node Library

Visual Scripting can use Unity features from packages and third-party assets through their assemblies. Assemblies are special files that contain the code for the feature you want to use in Visual Scripting. 

To use a new package or third-party asset in Visual Scripting, you need to import it into Unity. For more information on adding a new package to Unity, see the [Unity User Manual section on adding and removing packages](https://docs.unity3d.com/2021.2/Documentation/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html). For more information on adding a new third-party asset to Unity, see the [Unity User Manual section on importing assets](https://docs.unity3d.com/2021.2/Documentation/Manual/ImportingAssets.html).
 
 Visual Scripting also has a set of default assemblies and nodes. You can add additional assemblies through your Project Settings. 

## Add nodes to your Node Library

 To add a new assembly and its nodes to your Node Library: 

 1. Go to **Edit** &gt; **Project Settings**, then select **Visual Scripting**. 
 2. Expand **Node Library**. 
 3. At the end of your listed assemblies, select **Add** (+). 
 4. In your new assembly entry, select an available assembly from the **Assembly** menu. 

    Visual Scripting adds the assembly and its nodes to your Node Library. To use the nodes in your project, you must [add the nodes' types to your Type Options](vs-add-remove-type-options.md#add-a-type-to-your-type-options) and [regenerate your Node Library in your Project Settings](vs-configuration.md).

## Remove nodes from your Node Library 

 To remove an assembly and its nodes from your Node Library: 

 1. Go to **Edit** &gt; **Project Settings**, then select **Visual Scripting**. 
 2. Expand **Node Library**. 
 3. In the list of assemblies in your Node Library, locate the entry for the assembly you want to remove. 
 4. Select **Remove** (-). 

    Visual Scripting removes the assembly and its nodes from your node library. To remove the nodes from the fuzzy finder and prevent them from appearing in your project, you must [regenerate your Node Library in your Project Settings](vs-configuration.md). You may also want to [remove the nodes' types from your Type Options](vs-add-remove-type-options.md#remove-a-type-from-your-type-options).

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.8 ## [1.7.8] - 2022-02-22 ### Fixed - Handle ReflectionTypeLoadException for TypeUtility to remove warning [BOLT-1900](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1900) - Fixed drag inconsistency in Graph Variables [BOLT-2113](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2113) - Fixed exception after creating a graph from the Welcome Window on Linux [BOLT-1828](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1828) - Fixed the Cooldown node not becoming "Ready" when the "Reset" port is triggered - Fixed exception thrown after changing Hierarchy selection after removing Saved variable [BOLT-1919](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1919) - Fixed old Bolt saved variables not loading when using a build created using a newer version of Visual Scripting [BOLT-2052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2052) - Fixed a performance issue when using lots of Get/Set Scene variable nodes in an open graph - Fixed zooming out in the Graph to be relative to the mouse cursor [BOLT-1667](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1667)

Documentation~/vs-add-remove-node-library.md, after:

# Add or remove available nodes

Visual Scripting has a set of default assemblies and generated nodes for Unity features. Add more assemblies through the Visual Scripting Node Library in your Project Settings. Assemblies are special files that contain the code for the feature you want to use. 

Visual Scripting can generate nodes from assemblies in packages and third-party assets. To use a new package or third-party asset in Visual Scripting, you must import it into Unity. For more information on how to add packages to Unity, see [Adding and removing](https://docs.unity3d.com/2021.2/Documentation/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html) in the Unity User Manual. For more information on how to add third-party assets to Unity, see [Importing assets](https://docs.unity3d.com/2021.2/Documentation/Manual/ImportingAssets.html) in the User Manual.

## Add assemblies and nodes to the Node Library

 To add a new assembly and its nodes to the Node Library: 

 1. [!include[open-project-settings](./snippets/vs-open-project-settings.md)]
 1. Select **Visual Scripting**.
 1. Expand **Node Library**. 
 1. At the end of the assemblies list, select **Add** (+). 
 1. In the new assembly entry, select **(No Assembly)** to open the **Assembly** menu. 
 1. Select an available assembly from the **Assembly** menu. 

Visual Scripting adds the assembly and its nodes to the Node Library. To use the nodes in your project, [add their types to your Type Options](vs-add-remove-type-options.md#add-a-type-to-your-type-options) and [regenerate the Node Library](vs-configuration.md#Regen).

## Remove assemblies and nodes from the Node Library 

 To remove an assembly and its nodes from your Node Library: 

 1. [!include[open-project-settings](./snippets/vs-open-project-settings.md)]
 1. Select **Visual Scripting**.
 1. Expand **Node Library**. 
 1. In the assemblies list, locate the entry for the assembly you want to remove. 
 1. Select **Remove** (-). 

Visual Scripting removes the assembly and its nodes from the Node Library. To remove the nodes from the fuzzy finder and your project, [regenerate the Node Library](vs-configuration.md#Regen). You might also want to [remove their types from your Type Options](vs-add-remove-type-options.md#remove-a-type-from-your-type-options).
