Documentation~/vs-attach-graph-machine.md, before:

# Attach a graph file to a Script Machine or State Machine

To use a Script Graph or State Graph file in your project, you need to attach it to a Script Machine or State Machine. 

A Script Machine or State Machine is a component. Components attach to GameObjects, and help define their behavior. For more information on components and GameObjects, see [the Unity User Manual on using components](https://docs.unity3d.com/2021.1/Documentation/Manual/UsingComponents.html), or [the section on GameObjects](https://docs.unity3d.com/2021.1/Documentation/Manual/GameObjects.html).

## Add a Script Machine or State Machine component to a GameObject

1. In the Editor's Hierarchy window, select a GameObject where you'd like to add a Script Machine or State Machine. 
    If the Hierarchy window isn't visible, go to **Window** &gt; **General** &gt; **Hierarchy** or press CTRL + 4 (macOS: Cmd + 4).

2. (Optional) If the Inspector window for your selected GameObject doesn't appear, press CTRL + 3 (macOS: Cmd + 3), or go to **Window** &gt; **General** &gt; **Inspector**.  

3. In the GameObject's Inspector window, select **Add Component**. 
    The Components menu opens.

4. To add a Script Machine or State Machine, in the Components menu, go to **Visual Scripting** and select **Script Machine** or **State Machine**. Or, use the search bar to find the Script Machine or State Machine component. 

The new Script Machine or State Machine component appears in the Inspector window for your GameObject:

![A new blank Script Machine component in the Inspector window for a GameObject](images\vs-script-machine-blank.png)

## Attach a graph file to the Script Machine or State Machine 

1. In the Inspector window, locate your Script Machine or State Machine component, and ensure that you set the **Source** to **Graph**. 

2. In the **Graph** field, select the target icon and choose a compatible graph file from your project. 

You can also click and drag a file from your Project window and drop it into the **Graph** field to attach a graph to the component. For more information on how to create Script or State Graphs, see [Creating a new graph file](vs-create-graph.md).

## Next steps 

After you attach a graph to a Script Machine or State Machine, you can open your graph for editing. For more information, see [Open a graph file for editing](vs-open-graph-edit.md).

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.8 ## [1.7.8] - 2022-02-22 ### Fixed - Handle ReflectionTypeLoadException for TypeUtility to remove warning [BOLT-1900](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1900) - Fixed drag inconsistency in Graph Variables [BOLT-2113](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2113) - Fixed exception after creating a graph from the Welcome Window on Linux [BOLT-1828](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1828) - Fixed the Cooldown node not becoming "Ready" when the "Reset" port is triggered - Fixed exception thrown after changing Hierarchy selection after removing Saved variable [BOLT-1919](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1919) - Fixed old Bolt saved variables not loading when using a build created using a newer version of Visual Scripting [BOLT-2052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2052) - Fixed a performance issue when using lots of Get/Set Scene variable nodes in an open graph - Fixed zooming out in the Graph to be relative to the mouse cursor [BOLT-1667](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1667)

Documentation~/vs-attach-graph-machine.md, after:

# Attach a graph file to a Script Machine or State Machine

To use a Script Graph or State Graph file in your project, you must attach it to a Script Machine or State Machine. 

A Script Machine or State Machine is a component. Components attach to GameObjects, and help define their behavior. For more information on components and GameObjects, see [Using components](https://docs.unity3d.com/2021.1/Documentation/Manual/UsingComponents.html) or [GameObjects](https://docs.unity3d.com/2021.1/Documentation/Manual/GameObjects.html) in the Unity User Manual.

## Add a Script Machine or State Machine component to a GameObject

1. [!include[open-hierarchy](./snippets/vs-open-hierarchy-window.md)]

1. In the Hierarchy window, select a GameObject where you'd like to add a Script Machine or State Machine. 

2. [!include[open-inspector-window](./snippets/vs-open-inspector-window.md)]  

3. In the GameObject's Inspector window, select **Add Component**. 
    
    The Components menu opens.

4. Do one of the following: 
    - To add a Script Machine or State Machine, in the Components menu, go to **Visual Scripting** and select **Script Machine** or **State Machine**. 
    - Use the search bar to find the Script Machine or State Machine component. 

The new Script Machine or State Machine component appears in the Inspector window for the GameObject:

![A new blank Script Machine component in the Inspector window for a GameObject](images\vs-script-machine-blank.png)

## Attach a graph file to the Script Machine or State Machine 

1. In the Inspector window, locate your Script Machine or State Machine component. 

1. Set the **Source** to **Graph**. 

2. Do one of the following: 
    - In the **Graph** field, select the object picker (circle icon) and choose a compatible graph file from your project. 
    - Click and drag a file from your Project window and drop it into the **Graph** field.

For more information on how to create Script or State Graphs, see [Create a new graph file](vs-create-graph.md).

## Next steps 

After you attach a graph to a Script Machine or State Machine, you can open the graph and edit. For more information, see [Open a graph file](vs-open-graph-edit.md).
