Documentation~/vs-aot.md, before:

#Building for Mobile / Consoles

| **Note**                                                     |
| :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| For versions 2019/2020 LTS, download the visual scripting solution from the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/visual-bolt-163802). |

Visual scripting supports all Unity build targets, including **ahead-of-time (AOT)** platforms like iOS, Android, WebGL, WSA and consoles.

As of version 1.5.1, AOT Pre-build is an automatic pre-build step for all AOT platforms.

###Universal Windows Platform

When building for Universal Windows Platform (UWP, formerly known as Windows Store Apps, WSA, or Metro), visual scripting requires the use of the **IL2CPP** scripting backend. 

To change the platform, go to **Edit** > **Project Settings** &gt; **Player**, choose the **Other Settings** panel, **Configuration** sub-section. and select the correct value in the dropdown.  

</br>

![](images/VS-ProjectSettingsOtherSettingsConfiguration.png)

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.5 ## [1.7.5] - 2021-08-30 ### Changed - Removed unused Preferences - Renamed preference "Update Units Automatically" to "Update Nodes Automatically" - Reduced domain reload performance cost of visual scripting to 1ms or less when not actively used by a project
### Fixed
- Fixed an issue where uncaught exceptions were thrown in Debug builds of the Windows editor
- Fixed the missing arrow when the "Transition End Arrow" is on. [BOLT-1535](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1535)
- Fixed wrong graph is showed after creating script graph form selected object in "Welcome Screen"
- Fixed duplicate variable error. [BOLT-1569](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1569)
- Fixed 'ReadOnlySpan<>' does not exist in the namespace 'System'" error with AOT build. [BOLT-1648](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1648)
- Fixed jitter when the fuzzy window is on the bottom of the screen and the user scrolls [BOLT-1530](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1530)
- Fixed missing AOT prebuild step when building an IL2CPP project in batchmode [BOLT-1649](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1649)
- Restored a public icon set API in UnitPortDescription.cs that was by mistake
- Fixed il2cpp crash caused by a recursion of the machine states in itself when  AOTstubs is generating.[BOLT-1656](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1656)

Documentation~/vs-aot.md, after:

# Using Visual Scripting with Ahead-of-Time platforms

> [!NOTE]
> For versions 2019/2020 LTS, download the Visual Scripting package from the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/visual-bolt-163802).

Visual Scripting supports all Unity build targets, including **ahead-of-time (AOT)** platforms, like mobile devices, consoles, and desktops.

As of version 1.5.1, AOT Pre-build is an automatic pre-build step for all AOT platforms.

## Building for Universal Windows Platform

When building for Universal Windows Platform (UWP, formerly known as Windows Store Apps, WSA, or Metro), Visual Scripting requires the use of Unity's **IL2CPP** scripting backend. For more information on IL2CPP, see the [Unity User Manual section on IL2CPP](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/IL2CPP.html).

To change the platform, go to **Edit** &gt; **Project Settings** &gt; **Player**, and select **Other Settings**. In the **Configuration** sub-section, select the correct value in the dropdown. 

![](images/vs-uwp-player-settings.png)
