Documentation~/vs-add-inspectable-attribute-custom-types.md, before:

# Add the Inspectable attribute to the source code for a custom type

If you have access to the source code for your custom type, you can add the `[Inspectable]` attribute to the relevant fields and classes that should be accessible in the Unity Editor. By adding the attribute, you can avoid creating a custom PropertyDrawer for your custom type. 

To add the `[Inspectable]` attribute to your source code for your custom type: 

1. Open the script file or files where you defined your custom classes and types in an external editor. 
    If you double-click the file or files inside your Unity project, Unity opens the file in the program you specified in your preferences, under **External Script Editor**. For more information on script editors in Unity, see the [Unity User Manual section on Integrated development environment (IDE) support](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/ScriptingToolsIDEs.html).

2. In your external editor, on a line above your class definition, and any properties you want to have available in the Unity Inspector, add the `[Inspectable]` attribute, as shown in the example below: 

    ```csharp

    using System;
    using UnityEngine; 
    using Unity.VisualScripting;

    [Inspectable]
    public class MyClass
    {
        [Inspectable]
        public string name;

        [Inspectable]
        public int amount;

        public string dontShowThis;
    }

    ```

3. In Unity, follow the process for regenerating your Node Library, as described in [Configuring your project settings](vs-configuration.md).

Any variables using your custom types should now be modifiable from the Unity Inspector.

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.8 ## [1.7.8] - 2022-02-22 ### Fixed - Handle ReflectionTypeLoadException for TypeUtility to remove warning [BOLT-1900](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1900) - Fixed drag inconsistency in Graph Variables [BOLT-2113](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2113) - Fixed exception after creating a graph from the Welcome Window on Linux [BOLT-1828](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1828) - Fixed the Cooldown node not becoming "Ready" when the "Reset" port is triggered - Fixed exception thrown after changing Hierarchy selection after removing Saved variable [BOLT-1919](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1919) - Fixed old Bolt saved variables not loading when using a build created using a newer version of Visual Scripting [BOLT-2052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2052) - Fixed a performance issue when using lots of Get/Set Scene variable nodes in an open graph - Fixed zooming out in the Graph to be relative to the mouse cursor [BOLT-1667](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1667)

Documentation~/vs-add-inspectable-attribute-custom-types.md, after:

# Add the Inspectable attribute to a custom type

If you have access to the source code for a custom type, add the `[Inspectable]` attribute to its fields and classes. The `[Inspectable]` attribute makes these fields and classes accessible to the [Inspector window](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingTheInspector.html) in the Unity Editor. You don't need to create a [custom PropertyDrawer](vs-create-custom-drawer.md) as Unity generates a basic UI for the custom type.

For more information about how to use custom types in Visual Scripting, see [Use a custom type](vs-using-custom-types.md) or [Custom types](vs-custom-types.md)

To add the `[Inspectable]` attribute to the source code for a custom type: 

1. [!include[open-existing-external-code](./snippets/vs-open-existing-external-code.md)]

2. In your external editor, on a line above your `public class` definition, add the `[Inspectable]` attribute.

1. On a line above the properties you want to have available in the Unity Inspector, add the `[Inspectable]` attribute. 

1. [!include[regen-node-library](./snippets/vs-regen-node-library.md)]

The following is an example of a public class, with fields `name` and `amount` that are accessible and can be modified through Unity's Inspector window. 

    ```csharp

    using System;
    using UnityEngine; 
    using Unity.VisualScripting;

    [Inspectable]
    public class MyClass
    {
        [Inspectable]
        public string name;

        [Inspectable]
        public int amount;

        public string dontShowThis;
    }

    ```
