Documentation~/vs-add-variable-graph.md, before:

# Create and add a variable to a Script Graph

You can create and add a variable to a Script Graph in one of two ways: use the Graph window's Blackboard, or add a node to a graph.

> [!NOTE]
> You can't add a Flow variable to your graph from the Blackboard. For more information on Flow variables, see [Variables](vs-variables.md).

## Create and add a new variable through the Blackboard

To create a new variable in the Blackboard and add it to your graph: 

1. With a graph [open in the Graph window](vs-open-graph-edit.md), in the Blackboard, select the scope for the variable you want to add: **Graph**, **Object**, **Scene**, **App**, or **Saved**. For more information on variable scopes and when you can use each scope in your graph, see [Variables](vs-variables.md).

    > [!TIP]
    > If the Blackboard isn't visible in the Graph window, select **Blackboard** (![The Blackboard icon](images\vs-blackboard-icon.png)) from the toolbar.

2. In the **(New Variable Name)** field, enter a name for your new variable, then press Enter or select the **Add Variable** (+) button. 

3. In the **Type** list, select the data type for your variable. For more information on types, see [Object types](vs-types.md).

4. (Optional) In the **Value** field, enter or modify the default value for your variable. 

5. To add the node to your graph, click and drag from the Handle (=) on the variable's definition in the Blackboard into the Graph Editor. Visual Scripting adds a new Get Variable node for your variable to your graph:

![An image of the Visual Scripting Blackboard and Graph Editor, showing a Saved variable that has been dragged from the Blackboard and onto the Graph Editor as a new Get Variable node](images/vs-add-variable-node-to-graph.png)


## Create and add a new variable through the Graph Editor

To create a Flow variable or another new variable directly in your graph: 

1. With a graph [open in the Graph window](vs-open-graph-edit.md), right-click inside the Graph Editor to open the Fuzzy Finder. 

2. Select the **Variables** category, then select the scope for the variable you want to add: **Flow**, **Graph**, **Object**, **Scene**, **Application**, or **Saved**. For more information on variable scopes and when you can use each scope in your graph, see [Variables](vs-variables.md).

3. Select the **Set `<Scope>` Variable** node, where `<Scope>` is the scope you selected in the previous step. 
    Visual Scripting adds a new Set Variable node to your graph.
    
4. In the **String** text field, indicated by an orange dot on the node, enter a name for your new variable. 

5. (Object variables only) In the **GameObject** field, indicated by a GameObject icon on the node, specify the GameObject where you want to create the variable. Do one of the following: 
 
    - Select the object picker (circle icon) and select a GameObject.
    - Attach a node to the field's data input port that outputs a GameObject. 
    - Leave the field as the default value of **This** to use the GameObject where you attached your Script Graph to a Script Machine.

6. (Optional) To set a default value for your variable, connect another node that outputs the value you want to the Set Variable node's data input port. 

![An image of the Visual Scripting Graph Editor, showing a new Set Variable node called "sum" with an assigned default value from an Add Inputs node. A Find GameObject node specifies the GameObject where "sum" should be set.](images/vs-add-variable-node-set-variable-node-example.png)

## Next steps 

Once you've added a variable to your graph, you can [add nodes to your Script Graph](vs-add-node-to-graph.md), [create node groups](vs-groups.md), or [add a Subgraph](vs-add-subgraph.md).

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.8 ## [1.7.8] - 2022-02-22 ### Fixed - Handle ReflectionTypeLoadException for TypeUtility to remove warning [BOLT-1900](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1900) - Fixed drag inconsistency in Graph Variables [BOLT-2113](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2113) - Fixed exception after creating a graph from the Welcome Window on Linux [BOLT-1828](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1828) - Fixed the Cooldown node not becoming "Ready" when the "Reset" port is triggered - Fixed exception thrown after changing Hierarchy selection after removing Saved variable [BOLT-1919](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1919) - Fixed old Bolt saved variables not loading when using a build created using a newer version of Visual Scripting [BOLT-2052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2052) - Fixed a performance issue when using lots of Get/Set Scene variable nodes in an open graph - Fixed zooming out in the Graph to be relative to the mouse cursor [BOLT-1667](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1667)

Documentation~/vs-add-variable-graph.md, after:

# Create and add a variable to a Script Graph

You can create and add a variable to a Script Graph in one of two ways: use the Graph window's Blackboard, or add a node to a graph.

> [!NOTE]
> You can't add a Flow variable to a graph from the Blackboard. For more information on Flow variables, see [Variables](vs-variables.md).

## Create and add a new variable through the Blackboard

To create a new variable in the Blackboard and add it to a graph: 

1. With a graph [open in the Graph window](vs-open-graph-edit.md), open [the Blackboard](vs-interface-overview.md#the-blackboard).

1. In the Blackboard, select the scope for the variable you want to add: **Graph**, **Object**, **Scene**, **App**, or **Saved**. 
    For more information on variable scopes and when you can use each scope in your graph, see [Variables](vs-variables.md).

3. In the **(New Variable Name)** field, enter a name for the new variable. 

1. Do one of the following: 
    - Press Enter.
    - Select the **Add Variable** (+) button. 

4. In the **Type** list, select the data type for your variable. For more information on types, see [Object types](vs-types.md).

5. In the **Value** field, enter or modify the default value for your variable. 

6. To add the node to your graph, click and drag from the Handle (=) on the variable's definition in the Blackboard into the Graph Editor. 

Visual Scripting adds a new Get Variable node for your variable to your graph.

![An image of the Visual Scripting Blackboard and Graph Editor. A Saved variable has been dragged from the Blackboard and onto the Graph Editor as a new Get Variable node.](images/vs-add-variable-node-to-graph.png)


## Create and add a new variable through the Graph Editor

To create a Flow variable or another new variable directly in a graph: 

1. [!include[with-graph-open-ff](./snippets/vs-with-graph-open-ff.md)]

2. Select the **Variables** category. 

1. Select the scope for the variable you want to add: **Flow**, **Graph**, **Object**, **Scene**, **Application**, or **Saved**. For more information on variable scopes and when you can use each scope in a graph, see [Variables](vs-variables.md).

3. Select the **Set `<Scope>` Variable** node, where `<Scope>` is the scope you selected in the previous step. 
    Visual Scripting adds a new Set Variable node to the graph.
    
4. In the **Name** field, enter a name for the new variable. 

5. (Object variables only) In the **GameObject** field, indicated by a GameObject icon on the node, specify the GameObject where you want to create the variable. Do one of the following: 
 
    - Select the object picker (circle icon) and select a GameObject.
    - Attach a node to the field's data input port that outputs a GameObject. 
    - Leave the field as the default value of **This** to use the GameObject where you attached the Script Graph to a Script Machine.

6. To set a default value for your variable, connect another node that outputs the value you want to the Set Variable node's data input port. 

![An image of the Visual Scripting Graph Editor. A new Set Variable node called "sum" has an assigned default value from an Add Inputs node. A Find GameObject node specifies the GameObject where "sum" is set.](images/vs-add-variable-node-set-variable-node-example.png)

## Next steps 

After you've added a variable to your graph, you can [add nodes](vs-add-node-to-graph.md), [create node groups](vs-groups.md), or [add a Subgraph](vs-nesting-add-subgraph.md).
