Documentation~/vs-capturing-player-inputs-old.md, before:



# Capturing player inputs using the input manager

To use units from the input system (input manager), the Input unit must be linked from its output data port or its input trigger to a unit. To use the old input system, set the **Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Player** > **Active Input Handling** to Input Manager (Old) or Both.

Note: The Input Manager (**Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Input Manager**) lists all the input types.

### To enter an input in the system

1. In a script graph that has an Event unit (for example Update Event), right-click on an empty spot on the graph.</br>
   A command list appears.
2. Select **Add Unit**.
   The fuzzy finder appears.
3. In the search field, enter “get axis”.
4. Select **Input: Get Axis**.</br>
   The Get Axis unit appears on the graph.
5. Label the unit in the **axisName** field (for example Horizontal).</br>
   WARNING: You must label the unit with the exact spelling of the units listed in the Input Manager or Unity does not recognize them.</br>
   TIP: Copy and paste the input unit name to ensure the spelling is correct.
6. Drag the output port from an event unit to the input port of the Input unit. Release the arrow (mouse button) so the two units are connected. </br>
   Note: Every time there is a frame cycle and if the data port is used, the Input unit receives a signal.
7. From the **Get Axis** unit, drag from the output trigger port to an input port in another unit (for example a Transform unit).</br>
   Every time the user clicks the key for the Get Axis unit (for example, the left or right arrow), the downstream unit increments.

Creating an input unit using this method might not guarantee you’ve selected a unit that is compatible with the selected event. Use the fuzzy finder by dragging from the event output port:only compatible units (that is, units that can be linked from that event) appear in the fuzzy finder.

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.5 ## [1.7.5] - 2021-08-30 ### Changed - Removed unused Preferences - Renamed preference "Update Units Automatically" to "Update Nodes Automatically" - Reduced domain reload performance cost of visual scripting to 1ms or less when not actively used by a project
### Fixed
- Fixed an issue where uncaught exceptions were thrown in Debug builds of the Windows editor
- Fixed the missing arrow when the "Transition End Arrow" is on. [BOLT-1535](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1535)
- Fixed wrong graph is showed after creating script graph form selected object in "Welcome Screen"
- Fixed duplicate variable error. [BOLT-1569](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1569)
- Fixed 'ReadOnlySpan<>' does not exist in the namespace 'System'" error with AOT build. [BOLT-1648](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1648)
- Fixed jitter when the fuzzy window is on the bottom of the screen and the user scrolls [BOLT-1530](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1530)
- Fixed missing AOT prebuild step when building an IL2CPP project in batchmode [BOLT-1649](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1649)
- Restored a public icon set API in UnitPortDescription.cs that was by mistake
- Fixed il2cpp crash caused by a recursion of the machine states in itself when  AOTstubs is generating.[BOLT-1656](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1656)

Documentation~/vs-capturing-player-inputs-old.md, after:



# Capturing player inputs using the input manager

To use nodes from the input system (input manager), the Input node must be linked from its output data port or its input trigger to a node. To use the old input system, set the **Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Player** > **Active Input Handling** to Input Manager (Old) or Both.

> [!NOTE] 
> The Input Manager (**Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Input Manager**) lists all the input types.

## To enter an input in the system

1. In a script graph that has an Event node (for example Update Event), right-click on an empty spot on the graph.</br>
   A command list appears.
2. Select **Add Node**.
   The fuzzy finder appears.
3. In the search field, enter “get axis”.
4. Select **Input: Get Axis**.</br>
   The Get Axis node appears on the graph.
5. Label the node in the **axisName** field (for example Horizontal).</br>
   > [!WARNING]
   > You must label the node with the exact spelling of the nodes listed in the Input Manager or Unity does not recognize them.</br>
   > [!TIP]
   > Copy and paste the input node name to ensure the spelling is correct.
6. Drag the output port from an event node to the input port of the Input node. Release the arrow (mouse button) so the two nodes are connected. </br>
   > [!NOTE]
   > Every time there is a frame cycle and if the data port is used, the Input node receives a signal.
7. From the **Get Axis** node, drag from the output trigger port to an input port in another node (for example a Transform node).</br>
   Every time the user clicks the key for the Get Axis node (for example, the left or right arrow), the downstream node increments.

Creating an input node using this method might not guarantee you’ve selected a node that is compatible with the selected event. Use the fuzzy finder by dragging from the event output port: only compatible nodes (that is, nodes that can be linked from that event) appear in the fuzzy finder.
