Documentation~/vs-create-graph-project-window.md, before:

# Create a new blank graph using the Project window

You can create a new blank graph through the Project window in the Unity Editor. Your graph contains no starter nodes, and isn't connected to any existing components in your project.

For more information on other ways to create a new graph file, see [Creating a new graph file](vs-create-graph.md).

To create a new blank graph: 

1. (Optional) If your Project window isn't already open, go to **Window** &gt; **General** &gt; **Project**, or press CTRL + 5 (macOS: Cmd + 5). 

2. Right-click a folder in the Project window's folder list, or anywhere in the Project window's preview pane, and go to **Create** &gt; **Visual Scripting**. Select one of the following options: 

    * To create a new Script Graph, select **Script Graph**. 
    * To create a new State Graph, select **State Graph**. 

3. Enter a name for your new graph, and press Enter.

When you open your new graph file, you should see something like the image below: 

![A new empty Script Graph, created using the Project window and containing no starter nodes](images\vs-new-graph-empty.png)

## Next steps 

After you create your new Script Graph, attach it to a Script Machine to use it in your application. For more information, see [Attaching a graph file to a Script Machine or State Machine](vs-attach-graph-machine.md).

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.8 ## [1.7.8] - 2022-02-22 ### Fixed - Handle ReflectionTypeLoadException for TypeUtility to remove warning [BOLT-1900](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1900) - Fixed drag inconsistency in Graph Variables [BOLT-2113](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2113) - Fixed exception after creating a graph from the Welcome Window on Linux [BOLT-1828](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1828) - Fixed the Cooldown node not becoming "Ready" when the "Reset" port is triggered - Fixed exception thrown after changing Hierarchy selection after removing Saved variable [BOLT-1919](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1919) - Fixed old Bolt saved variables not loading when using a build created using a newer version of Visual Scripting [BOLT-2052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2052) - Fixed a performance issue when using lots of Get/Set Scene variable nodes in an open graph - Fixed zooming out in the Graph to be relative to the mouse cursor [BOLT-1667](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1667)

Documentation~/vs-create-graph-project-window.md, after:

# Create a new blank graph with the Project window

You can create a new blank graph through the Project window in the Unity Editor. Your graph contains no starter nodes, and isn't connected to any existing components in your project.

For more information on other ways to create a new graph file, see [Create a new graph file](vs-create-graph.md).

To create a new blank graph: 

1. [!include[open-project-window](./snippets/vs-open-project-window.md)]

2. Right-click a folder in the Project window's folder list, or anywhere in the Project window's preview pane, and go to **Create** &gt; **Visual Scripting**.

1. Do one of the following: 

    * To create a new Script Graph, select **Script Graph**. 
    * To create a new State Graph, select **State Graph**. 

3. Enter a name for the new graph.

1. Press Enter.

When you open the new graph file, the graph might look similar to the following example.

![A new empty Script Graph, created with the Project window. It has no starter nodes](images\vs-new-graph-empty.png)

## Next steps 

After you create a new graph, attach it to a Script Machine or State Machine to use it in your application. For more information, see [Attach a graph file to a Script Machine or State Machine](vs-attach-graph-machine.md).
