Documentation~/vs-custom-types.md, before:

# Custom types

You can use a C# script file to create your own object types in Unity. These types are called classes. 

Classes act as blueprints for objects in your code: they determine what kind of data an object holds and what your code can do with that object. Instead of holding one value with a single data type, a class can hold multiple variables with different data types in a single object. 

After you create a custom class, you can use it as a type for your variables and other objects in your Visual Scripting Script Graphs. For more information on how to add and use your own custom types in Visual Scripting, see [Using custom types](vs-using-custom-types.md). Depending on what code you include in your C# script file, you can also create new nodes that can manipulate the data in your class. 

For example, you might need to write code to keep track of the characteristics of different player characters in your application. You could create a class, `Player`, and have different variables in that class for name, character type, favorite color, or player level:

```csharp
using System;
using UnityEngine;
using Unity.VisualScripting;

[Serializable, Inspectable]
public class PlayerCharacter
{
    [Inspectable]
    public string name; 
    [Inspectable]
    public string type;
    [Inspectable]
    public string color;
    [Inspectable]
    public int level;
}

```

These values could all be different across different instances of `Player` objects in your code. `Player1` could be Erin, a bard, who loves green and is level 5, and `Player2` could be Sam, a mage, who loves black and is level 15: 

![An image of the Graph window's Blackboard, showing two variables created using a custom class to represent two different characters](images/vs-custom-class-example-players.png)

If you use only variables to represent your characters and interact with them in your application, you need to create a lot of nodes: 

![An image of the Graph Editor, showing the difference between representing information for a player character using a class (one node) and variables (4 nodes).](images\vs-custom-class-example.png)

You can use a custom class to create a single node that represents all of a player character's information, instead of 4 separate variable nodes.

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.8 ## [1.7.8] - 2022-02-22 ### Fixed - Handle ReflectionTypeLoadException for TypeUtility to remove warning [BOLT-1900](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1900) - Fixed drag inconsistency in Graph Variables [BOLT-2113](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2113) - Fixed exception after creating a graph from the Welcome Window on Linux [BOLT-1828](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1828) - Fixed the Cooldown node not becoming "Ready" when the "Reset" port is triggered - Fixed exception thrown after changing Hierarchy selection after removing Saved variable [BOLT-1919](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1919) - Fixed old Bolt saved variables not loading when using a build created using a newer version of Visual Scripting [BOLT-2052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2052) - Fixed a performance issue when using lots of Get/Set Scene variable nodes in an open graph - Fixed zooming out in the Graph to be relative to the mouse cursor [BOLT-1667](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1667)

Documentation~/vs-custom-types.md, after:

# Custom types

Use a C# script file to create your own object types in Unity. These types are called classes. 

Classes are a blueprint for objects in your code. They decide what kind of data an object holds and what your code can do with that object. A class can hold multiple variables with different data types in a single object. 

Create a custom class to use it as a type for variables and other objects in a Visual Scripting Script graph. For more information on how to add and use your own custom types in Visual Scripting, see [Use a custom type](vs-using-custom-types.md). The code you include in a C# script can also create new nodes to manipulate the data in your class. 

For example, you might write code to keep track of the characteristics of different player characters in your application. You can create a class, `Player`, and have different variables in that class for name, character type, favorite color, or player level:

```csharp
using System;
using UnityEngine;
using Unity.VisualScripting;

[Serializable, Inspectable]
public class PlayerCharacter
{
    [Inspectable]
    public string name; 
    [Inspectable]
    public string type;
    [Inspectable]
    public string color;
    [Inspectable]
    public int level;
}

```
> [!TIP]
> The variables in the example script above use the `[Inspectable]` attribute so they can display in Unity's [Inspector window](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingTheInspector.html) and the Visual Scripting [Graph Inspector](vs-interface-overview.md#the-graph-inspector). Without the attribute, you can't assign a value to any variables that use the `PlayerCharacter` class in a Script Graph. For more information about the `[Inspectable]` attribute, see [Use a custom type](vs-using-custom-types.md).

These values can be different across different instances of `Player` objects in your code. `Player1` can be Erin, a bard, who loves green and is level 5, and `Player2` can be Sam, a mage, who loves black and is level 15. 

![An image of the Graph window with the Blackboard open. The Blackboard displays two variables created with a custom class to represent two different characters.](images/vs-custom-class-example-players.png)

If you tried to represent the same data with basic variables, you must create a lot of nodes, as in the following example. With a custom class, you can create a single node to represent a player character's information, instead of four separate nodes. 

![An image of the Graph Editor. A Get Variable node set to get the value of Player1 is compared to a group of four nodes that represent the same information captured in the single variable node: Player1Name, Player1Color, Player1Type, and Player1Level. A second Get Variable node set to get the value of Player2 is compared to another group of four nodes. ](images\vs-custom-class-example.png)
