Documentation~/vs-groups.md, before:

#Organizing scripts in groups

| **Note**                                                     |
| :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| For versions 2019/2020 LTS, download the visual scripting solution from the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/visual-bolt-163802). |

Groups are boxes that you create in the graph that to help you organize your graph and aid in reusability of parts of the visual scripts.

To create a group in a script graph:

1. Select an area on the graph while holding the **Ctrl key**, or **Cmd** on Mac.
2. Drag across the graph to include the units that are part of the group.
3. Give each group a title.
   Tip: It is recommended to provide groups with meaningful titles.

Note: Select all items in a group by double-clicking the group's header.

Note: When using the Unity control scheme, move the group without moving its contents by holding the Alt (Option) key and dragging its header.

Right-click on a group and select **Delete** (**Section**) to delete the group.

![](images/VS-Grouping.png)

Use the graph inspector to provide a comment and a custom color to your group. The comment is only visible in the inspector.

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.5 ## [1.7.5] - 2021-08-30 ### Changed - Removed unused Preferences - Renamed preference "Update Units Automatically" to "Update Nodes Automatically" - Reduced domain reload performance cost of visual scripting to 1ms or less when not actively used by a project
### Fixed
- Fixed an issue where uncaught exceptions were thrown in Debug builds of the Windows editor
- Fixed the missing arrow when the "Transition End Arrow" is on. [BOLT-1535](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1535)
- Fixed wrong graph is showed after creating script graph form selected object in "Welcome Screen"
- Fixed duplicate variable error. [BOLT-1569](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1569)
- Fixed 'ReadOnlySpan<>' does not exist in the namespace 'System'" error with AOT build. [BOLT-1648](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1648)
- Fixed jitter when the fuzzy window is on the bottom of the screen and the user scrolls [BOLT-1530](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1530)
- Fixed missing AOT prebuild step when building an IL2CPP project in batchmode [BOLT-1649](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1649)
- Restored a public icon set API in UnitPortDescription.cs that was by mistake
- Fixed il2cpp crash caused by a recursion of the machine states in itself when  AOTstubs is generating.[BOLT-1656](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1656)

Documentation~/vs-groups.md, after:

# Create a node group

You can group nodes together in your graphs to help keep things organized. 

To create a new group:

1. With a graph [open in the Graph window](vs-open-graph-edit.md), start in an empty area. Click and hold **CTRL** (macOS: **Cmd** + click) and drag to create a selection around the nodes you want to include in your new group. Release to finish creating the group.

2. (Optional) Click **Group** in the group's header to edit its name. Press **Enter** to save your changes. 

3. (Optional) In the Graph Inspector, in the **(Comment)** field, enter any comments or information you want about your group. The comment is only visible in the Inspector. 

    > [!TIP]
    > If the Graph Inspector isn't visible in the Graph window, select **Graph Inspector** (![The Graph Inspector icon](images/vs-graph-inspector-icon.png)) from the toolbar.

4. (Optional) In the Graph Inspector, select the **Color** field to open the color picker and select a new color for your group. When not selected, your group appears as this color. You can also select the eyedropper icon to choose a color from somewhere on your screen. 

5. (Optional) To resize the group, click and drag from any edge or corner. To move the group and its nodes, click the group's header and drag. 

> [!NOTE]
> You can also move your group without moving any of the nodes inside, but the required input changes depending on your chosen control scheme. For more information, see [Choosing a Visual Scripting control scheme](vs-control-schemes.md)

![An image of the Graph window with a group called Compare gold containing 3 nodes](images/vs-groups.png)

## Next steps

After you've created a node group, you can [add nodes to your Script Graph](vs-add-node-to-graph.md), [create and add variables](vs-add-variable-graph.md), or [add a Subgraph](vs-add-subgraph.md).
