Documentation~/vs-nulls.md, before:

#Nulls unit

| **Note**                                                     |
| :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| For versions 2019/2020 LTS, download the visual scripting solution from the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/visual-bolt-163802). |

Null units deal with the null value, which is scripting lingo for "nothing".

###The null unit

The null unit always returns null as a value. Leaving a Unity object reference field empty ("None") automatically means null.


###Null Check

The null check is a shortcut for a branch on an equality comparison with null. It can be useful to direct the flow in different directions depending on whether a value is null.

For example, it can be used to handle a situation differently whether a transform has a parent in the hierarchy or not.

![](images/bolt-nulls1.png)

###Null Coalesce

The null coalesce unit provides a fallback value in case the original input is null.

For example, the null coalesce unit defines a default fallback audio clip in case the one on the audio source is missing.

![](images/bolts-nulls2.png)

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.5 ## [1.7.5] - 2021-08-30 ### Changed - Removed unused Preferences - Renamed preference "Update Units Automatically" to "Update Nodes Automatically" - Reduced domain reload performance cost of visual scripting to 1ms or less when not actively used by a project
### Fixed
- Fixed an issue where uncaught exceptions were thrown in Debug builds of the Windows editor
- Fixed the missing arrow when the "Transition End Arrow" is on. [BOLT-1535](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1535)
- Fixed wrong graph is showed after creating script graph form selected object in "Welcome Screen"
- Fixed duplicate variable error. [BOLT-1569](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1569)
- Fixed 'ReadOnlySpan<>' does not exist in the namespace 'System'" error with AOT build. [BOLT-1648](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1648)
- Fixed jitter when the fuzzy window is on the bottom of the screen and the user scrolls [BOLT-1530](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1530)
- Fixed missing AOT prebuild step when building an IL2CPP project in batchmode [BOLT-1649](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1649)
- Restored a public icon set API in UnitPortDescription.cs that was by mistake
- Fixed il2cpp crash caused by a recursion of the machine states in itself when  AOTstubs is generating.[BOLT-1656](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1656)

Documentation~/vs-nulls.md, after:

# Nulls node

> [!NOTE]
> For versions 2019/2020 LTS, download the Visual Scripting package from the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/visual-bolt-163802).

Null nodes deal with the null value, which is scripting lingo for "nothing".

## The null node

The null node always returns null as a value. Leaving a Unity object reference field empty ("None") automatically means null.


## Null Check

The null check is a shortcut for a branch on an equality comparison with null. It can be useful to direct the flow in different directions depending on whether a value is null.

For example, it can be used to handle a situation differently whether a transform has a parent in the hierarchy or not.

![](images/vs-nulls-null-check-node.png)

## Null Coalesce

The null coalesce node provides a fallback value in case the original input is null.

For example, the null coalesce node defines a default fallback audio clip in case the one on the audio source is missing.

![](images/vs-nulls-null-coalesce-node.png)
