Documentation~/vs-open-graph-edit.md, before:

# Open a graph file for editing 

You can open a graph file from multiple locations, depending on the graph type and its source type. 

## Project window 

To open a graph for editing from the Project window: 

1. (Optional) If your Project window isn't already open, go to **Window** &gt; **General** &gt; **Project**, or press CTRL + 5 (macOS: Cmd + 5). 

2. Find the location in your Project window's folders where you saved the graph file you want to edit.

    ![An image of the Editor's Project window, showing graph files that can be opened to edit.](images/vs-open-project-window-graph-files.png)

3. Double-click the graph file to open it in the Graph window. 

## From the Graph Inspector 

If you have a nested or embedded graph inside another graph file, you can open it for editing from the Graph Inspector.

1. In the Graph window, select the node that represents the graph you want to edit. This node could be a transition, Super State, Subgraph, or State Unit. 

2. In the Graph Inspector, select **Edit Graph**. 
    The graph opens in the same Graph window for editing. 

> [!TIP]
> If the Graph Inspector isn't visible in the Graph window, select **Graph Inspector** (![The Graph Inspector icon](images/vs-graph-inspector-icon.png)) from the toolbar.

![An image of a graph open in the Graph Inspector, with a Subgraph node selected](images/vs-existing-graph-example-subgraph.png)

## From a Script Machine or State Machine 

If you've attached or embedded a graph in a Script Machine or State Machine on a GameObject, you can open the graph for editing from the Inspector window: 

1. In the Editor's Hierarchy window, select the GameObject that has the Script Machine or State Machine with the graph you want to edit. 
    If the Hierarchy window isn't visible, go to **Window** &gt; **General** &gt; **Hierarchy** or press CTRL + 4 (macOS: Cmd + 4).

2. On the Script Machine or State Machine component, select **Edit Graph**. 

![An image of a Script Machine component in the Inspector](images/vs-script-machine.png)

## Next steps 

After you open your graph file, you can add a node to your graph. For more information on how to add a node to a Script Graph, see [Add a node to a Script Graph](vs-add-node-to-graph.md). 

For more information on how to edit a State Graph, see [Developing logic transitions using State Graphs](vs-state-graphs-intro.md).

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.8 ## [1.7.8] - 2022-02-22 ### Fixed - Handle ReflectionTypeLoadException for TypeUtility to remove warning [BOLT-1900](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1900) - Fixed drag inconsistency in Graph Variables [BOLT-2113](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2113) - Fixed exception after creating a graph from the Welcome Window on Linux [BOLT-1828](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1828) - Fixed the Cooldown node not becoming "Ready" when the "Reset" port is triggered - Fixed exception thrown after changing Hierarchy selection after removing Saved variable [BOLT-1919](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1919) - Fixed old Bolt saved variables not loading when using a build created using a newer version of Visual Scripting [BOLT-2052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2052) - Fixed a performance issue when using lots of Get/Set Scene variable nodes in an open graph - Fixed zooming out in the Graph to be relative to the mouse cursor [BOLT-1667](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1667)

Documentation~/vs-open-graph-edit.md, after:

# Open a graph file 

You can open a graph file from multiple locations, based on the graph type and its source type. 

For information on how to create a new graph file, see [Create a new graph file](vs-create-graph.md).

## From the Project window 

To open a graph from the Project window: 

1. [!include[open-project-window](./snippets/vs-open-project-window.md)] 

2. Find the location in your Project window's folders where you saved the graph file you want to edit.

    ![An image of the Editor's Project window. It displays graph files that can be opened to edit.](images/vs-open-project-window-graph-files.png)

3. Double-click the graph file to open it in the Graph window. 

## From the Graph Inspector 

If you have a nested or embedded graph inside another graph file, you can open it from the Graph Inspector.

1. In the Graph window, select the node that represents the graph you want to edit. 
    This node could be a transition, Super State, Subgraph, or State Unit. 

1. Open the [Graph Inspector](vs-interface-overview.md#the-graph-inspector).

2. In the Graph Inspector, select **Edit Graph**. 
    The graph opens in the same Graph window. 

![An image of a graph open in the Graph Inspector, with a Subgraph node selected.](images/vs-existing-graph-example-subgraph.png)

## From a Script Machine or State Machine 

If you've attached or embedded a graph in a Script Machine or State Machine on a GameObject, you can open the graph from the component on the GameObject: 

1. [!include[open-hierarchy-window](./snippets/vs-open-hierarchy-window.md)]

1. In the Hierarchy window, select the GameObject that has the Script Machine or State Machine with the graph you want to edit.   

1. [!include[open-inspector-window](./snippets/vs-open-inspector-window.md)]

2. On the Script Machine or State Machine component, select **Edit Graph**. 

![An image of a Script Machine component in the Inspector.](images/vs-script-machine.png)

## Next steps 

After you open a graph file, you can add a node to the graph. For more information on how to add a node to a Script Graph, see [Add a node to a Script Graph](vs-add-node-to-graph.md). 

For more information on how to edit a State Graph, see [Develop logic transitions with State Graphs](vs-state-graphs-intro.md).
