Documentation~/vs-refactoring.md, before:

#Refactoring the script

| **Note**                                                     |
| :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| For versions 2019/2020 LTS, download the visual scripting solution from the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/visual-bolt-163802). |

Visual scripting automatically calls methods, fields and properties from any custom script in the project. For example, you can create a unit from a custom Player class with a TakeDamage method.

```
    using UnityEngine;

    public class Player : MonoBehaviour
    {
        public void TakeDamage(int damage)
        {
            // ...
        }
    }
```

In the script graph, if you change your script and rename or remove the TakeDamage method or the Player class, it would appear as:

![](images/bolt-refactoring1.png)

The associated script would appear as:

```
    using UnityEngine;

    public class Player : MonoBehaviour
    {
        public void InflictDamage(int damage)
        {
            // ...
        }
    }
```

Finally, the unit turns red in the graph window and visual scripting logs a warning to the console.  

![](images/bolt-refactoring2.png)

```
    Failed to define Bolt.InvokeMember:
    System.MissingMemberException: No matching member found: 'Player.TakeDamage'
```

###Renaming Members

To continue the previous example, to fix the failure, reopen the script file and map the new name to the previous name with the `[RenamedFrom]` attribute. It takes a single string parameter,... that is the previous name of the member.

```
    using UnityEngine;
    using Ludiq;

    public class Player : MonoBehaviour
    {
        [RenamedFrom("TakeDamage")]
        public void InflictDamage(int damage)
        {
            // ...
        }
    }
```

It is recommended to leave the attribute in your source even after a successful recompile. Visual scripting cannot guarantee Unity reserializes all the graphs with the corrected name. Visual scripting's `[RenamedFrom]` attribute works much like Unity's own [`[FormerlySerializedAs]`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Serialization.FormerlySerializedAsAttribute.html) attribute in that regard.

###Renaming Types

You can rename types (including classes, structs and enums) using the `[RenamedFrom]` attribute.

For example, `Player` class is renamed to `Character`:

```
    using UnityEngine;
    using Ludiq;

    [RenamedFrom("Player")]
    public class Character : MonoBehaviour
    {
        [RenamedFrom("TakeDamage")]
        public void InflictDamage(int damage)
        {
            // ...
        }
    }
```
Note: The old name must include the namespace. In the previous example, this wasn't required as the name was in the global namespace.

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.5 ## [1.7.5] - 2021-08-30 ### Changed - Removed unused Preferences - Renamed preference "Update Units Automatically" to "Update Nodes Automatically" - Reduced domain reload performance cost of visual scripting to 1ms or less when not actively used by a project
### Fixed
- Fixed an issue where uncaught exceptions were thrown in Debug builds of the Windows editor
- Fixed the missing arrow when the "Transition End Arrow" is on. [BOLT-1535](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1535)
- Fixed wrong graph is showed after creating script graph form selected object in "Welcome Screen"
- Fixed duplicate variable error. [BOLT-1569](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1569)
- Fixed 'ReadOnlySpan<>' does not exist in the namespace 'System'" error with AOT build. [BOLT-1648](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1648)
- Fixed jitter when the fuzzy window is on the bottom of the screen and the user scrolls [BOLT-1530](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1530)
- Fixed missing AOT prebuild step when building an IL2CPP project in batchmode [BOLT-1649](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1649)
- Restored a public icon set API in UnitPortDescription.cs that was by mistake
- Fixed il2cpp crash caused by a recursion of the machine states in itself when  AOTstubs is generating.[BOLT-1656](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1656)

Documentation~/vs-refactoring.md, after:

# Refactoring the script

> [!NOTE]
> For versions 2019/2020 LTS, download the Visual Scripting package from the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/visual-bolt-163802).

Visual scripting automatically calls methods, fields and properties from any custom script in the project. For example, you can create a node from a custom Player class with a TakeDamage method.

```
    using UnityEngine;

    public class Player : MonoBehaviour
    {
        public void TakeDamage(int damage)
        {
            // ...
        }
    }
```

![](images/vs-refactoring-script-node-example.png)

In the script graph, if you change your script and rename or remove the TakeDamage method or the Player class, such as in the example below:

```
    using UnityEngine;

    public class Player : MonoBehaviour
    {
        public void InflictDamage(int damage)
        {
            // ...
        }
    }
```

The node turns red in the graph window and a warning appears in the Graph Inspector:  

![](images/vs-refactoring-script-node-error-example.png)


## Renaming Members

To continue the previous example, to fix the failure, reopen the script file and map the new name to the previous name with the `[RenamedFrom]` attribute. It takes a single string parameter,... that is the previous name of the member.

```
    using UnityEngine;
    using Unity.VisualScripting;

    public class Player : MonoBehaviour
    {
        [RenamedFrom("TakeDamage")]
        public void InflictDamage(int damage)
        {
            // ...
        }
    }
```

It is recommended to leave the attribute in your source even after a successful recompile. Visual scripting cannot guarantee Unity reserializes all the graphs with the corrected name. Visual scripting's `[RenamedFrom]` attribute works much like Unity's own [`[FormerlySerializedAs]`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Serialization.FormerlySerializedAsAttribute.html) attribute in that regard.

## Renaming Types

You can rename types (including classes, structs and enums) using the `[RenamedFrom]` attribute.

For example, `Player` class is renamed to `Character`:

```
    using UnityEngine;
    using Unity.VisualScripting;

    [RenamedFrom("Player")]
    public class Character : MonoBehaviour
    {
        [RenamedFrom("TakeDamage")]
        public void InflictDamage(int damage)
        {
            // ...
        }
    }
```
> [!NOTE]
> The old name must include the namespace. In the previous example, this wasn't required as the name was in the global namespace.
