Documentation~/vs-transitions.md, before:

# Transitions

Visual Scripting uses Script Graphs called transitions to decide when to switch states in a State Graph. 

Just like a Script Machine or State Machine, you can embed the graph for the transition in the transition node itself, or link to an external graph file. For more information, see Source types for Script Machines and State Machines in [Script Machines and State Machines](vs-graph-machine-types.md#source-types-for-script-machines-and-state-machines). 

You can use Event nodes and a Trigger Transition node in your transition Script Graph to choose which event or events need to occur to trigger a change of state in your parent State Graph. 

For example, if you want Visual Scripting to switch states after a GameObject with the Player tag enters a trigger Collider, your transition graph could look like the following: 

![An image of a new transition Script Graph open in the Graph window. An On Trigger Enter Event node is connected to an If logic node, that triggers the state transition if the GameObject that enters the Collider has a tag of "Player."](images/vs-state-graphs-transition-trigger-transition.png)

In the parent State Graph, any transition nodes with a configured transition Script Graph display the name of the event in the transition Script Graph that triggers the state switch:

![An image of a State Graph with a configured transition between two states.](images/vs-state-graphs-transition-node-w-transition.png)

If you've assigned a name to your transition Script Graph from the Graph Inspector, the assigned name appears on the transition node. 

> [!TIP]
> If you want your transition nodes to take up less space in your State Graphs, you can choose to hide their name labels. For more information, see State Graphs preferences in [Configuring your preferences](vs-set-preferences.md#state-graphs-preferences).

You can create any number of transitions between states in a State Graph. You can use a self transition to make a state transition to itself. For more information on creating transitions, see [Create a transition between states](vs-creating-transition.md).

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.8 ## [1.7.8] - 2022-02-22 ### Fixed - Handle ReflectionTypeLoadException for TypeUtility to remove warning [BOLT-1900](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1900) - Fixed drag inconsistency in Graph Variables [BOLT-2113](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2113) - Fixed exception after creating a graph from the Welcome Window on Linux [BOLT-1828](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1828) - Fixed the Cooldown node not becoming "Ready" when the "Reset" port is triggered - Fixed exception thrown after changing Hierarchy selection after removing Saved variable [BOLT-1919](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1919) - Fixed old Bolt saved variables not loading when using a build created using a newer version of Visual Scripting [BOLT-2052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2052) - Fixed a performance issue when using lots of Get/Set Scene variable nodes in an open graph - Fixed zooming out in the Graph to be relative to the mouse cursor [BOLT-1667](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1667)

Documentation~/vs-transitions.md, after:

# Transitions

A transition is a connection between State nodes in a State Graph. A transition has a Script Graph that tells Visual Scripting when to switch states in a State Graph. A special transition type, called a self transition, can make a state transition to itself.

You can embed the Script Graph for a transition in the Transition node itself, or link to an external graph asset file. 

Use Event nodes and a Trigger Transition node in the Script Graph you attach to a transition. These nodes specify which event or events must occur to trigger a change of state in your parent State Graph. 

For example, the following transition Script Graph switches states after a GameObject with the Player tag enters a trigger Collider. 

![An image of a new transition Script Graph open in the Graph window. The output trigger port on an On Trigger Enter Event node connects to the trigger input on an If logic node. The Collider output port on the On Trigger Enter Event node connects to the GameObject input port on a GameObject Compare Tag node. The Tag uses an inline value of Player. The Boolean result is sent to the Boolean input port on the If node. The True trigger output port connects to a Trigger Transition node.](images/vs-state-graphs-transition-trigger-transition.png)

Any transition nodes with a transition Script Graph display the name of the event in the graph that triggers the state change. For example, the following parent State Graph displays the graph from the previous example as an **On Trigger Enter** Transition node. 

![An image of a State Graph with a configured transition between two states. The transition appears as On Trigger Enter.](images/vs-state-graphs-transition-node-w-transition.png)

If you've assigned a name to a transition Script Graph, the assigned name appears on the Transition node. 

> [!TIP]
> To reduce the space taken up by transition nodes in a State Graph, you can hide their name labels. For more information, see [Configure your preferences](vs-set-preferences.md#state-graphs-preferences).

You can create any number of transitions between states in a State Graph. For more information on how to create transitions, see [Create a transition between states](vs-creating-transition.md).
