Documentation~/vs-version-control.md, before:

# Using a version control system

> [!NOTE]
> For versions 2019/2020 LTS, download the Visual Scripting package from the [Unity Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/visual-bolt-163802).

To avoid any problems with automatically generated files, you should exclude some Visual Scripting files from version control. 

## Excluding Visual Scripting package files from version control

To exclude files from your version control solution, the standard approach is to include a file that specifies which files and folders to exclude:

1. Create a new file at the root of your project folder. This is at the level above your Assets folder.

2. Name the file according to your chosen version control system:

    - Git: `.gitignore`. For more information, see [Git's documentation on gitignore](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore).

    - Unity Collab: `.collabignore`. For more information, see the [Unity User Manual](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UnityCollaborateIgnoreFiles.html).

    - Subversion: Ignore the files from your `svn:ignore` property or runtime configuration options. For more information, see Subversion's documentation on [Ignoring Unversioned Items](https://svnbook.red-bean.com/en/1.7/svn.advanced.props.special.ignore.html).

3. Add the appropriate files or file patterns to your ignore file or configuration. For an example and more information, see Ignore file template.

> [!NOTE]
> If you have an issue creating a `.gitignore` file on Windows, refer to Microsoft's documentation on [creating a .gitignore file from the command line](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/git/ignore-files?view=azure-devops&tabs=command-line#create-a-gitignore).

## Ignore file template

The following template ignores all core Visual Scripting files, but preserves your project settings and variables. It also includes the standard Unity ignore directives for files that you shouldn't add to version control. For more information, see the `Unity.gitignore` file included in [GitHub's gitignore template repository](https://github.com/github/gitignore/blob/master/Unity.gitignore).

Refer to the comments in the template for which lines you can comment or remove, depending on your needs.

```
    # Optionally exclude these transient (generated) files, 
    # because they can be easily re-generated by the package

    Assets/Unity.VisualScripting.Generated/VisualScripting.Flow/UnitOptions.db
    Assets/Unity.VisualScripting.Generated/VisualScripting.Flow/UnitOptions.db.meta
    Assets/Unity.VisualScripting.Generated/VisualScripting.Core/Property Providers
    Assets/Unity.VisualScripting.Generated/VisualScripting.Core/Property Providers.meta

    ## Unity
    # From: https://github.com/github/gitignore/blob/master/Unity.gitignore

    /[Ll]ibrary/
    /[Tt]emp/
    /[Oo]bj/
    /[Bb]uild/
    /[Bb]uilds/
    /[Ll]ogs/
    /[Uu]ser[Ss]ettings/

    # MemoryCaptures can get excessive in size.
    # They also could contain extremely sensitive data
    /[Mm]emoryCaptures/

    # Asset meta data should only be ignored when the corresponding asset is also ignored
    !/[Aa]ssets/**/*.meta

    # Uncomment this line if you want to ignore the asset store tools plugin
    # /[Aa]ssets/AssetStoreTools*

    # Autogenerated Jetbrains Rider plugin
    /[Aa]ssets/Plugins/Editor/JetBrains*

    # Visual Studio cache directory
    .vs/

    # Gradle cache directory
    .gradle/

    # Autogenerated VS/MD/Consulo solution and project files
    ExportedObj/
    .consulo/
    *.csproj
    *.unityproj
    *.sln
    *.suo
    *.tmp
    *.user
    *.userprefs
    *.pidb
    *.booproj
    *.svd
    *.pdb
    *.opendb
    *.VC.db

    # Unity3D generated meta files
    *.pidb.meta
    *.pdb.meta
    *.mdb.meta

    # Unity3D Generated File On Crash Reports
    sysinfo.txt

    # Builds
    *.apk
    *.aab
    *.unitypackage

    # Crashlytics generated file
    crashlytics-build.properties

    # Packed Addressables
    /[Aa]ssets/[Aa]ddressable[Aa]ssets[Dd]ata/*.*.bin*

    # Temporary auto-generated Android Assets
    /[Aa]ssets/[Ss]treamingAssets/aa.meta
    /[Aa]ssets/[Ss]treamingAssets/aa/*

```

## Removing previously committed files
If you committed any files to your version control solution that should be excluded:

- See Git's documentation on [the `git-rm` command](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rm).
- See Subversion's documentation on [the `svn delete` command](https://svnbook.red-bean.com/en/1.6/svn.ref.svn.c.delete.html).

Commit message:

com.unity.visualscripting@1.7.8 ## [1.7.8] - 2022-02-22 ### Fixed - Handle ReflectionTypeLoadException for TypeUtility to remove warning [BOLT-1900](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1900) - Fixed drag inconsistency in Graph Variables [BOLT-2113](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2113) - Fixed exception after creating a graph from the Welcome Window on Linux [BOLT-1828](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1828) - Fixed the Cooldown node not becoming "Ready" when the "Reset" port is triggered - Fixed exception thrown after changing Hierarchy selection after removing Saved variable [BOLT-1919](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1919) - Fixed old Bolt saved variables not loading when using a build created using a newer version of Visual Scripting [BOLT-2052](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-2052) - Fixed a performance issue when using lots of Get/Set Scene variable nodes in an open graph - Fixed zooming out in the Graph to be relative to the mouse cursor [BOLT-1667](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/product/unity/issues/guid/BOLT-1667)

Documentation~/vs-version-control.md, after:

# Version control systems

To avoid any problems with automatically generated files, exclude some Visual Scripting files from your version control solution. 

To exclude files from version control, include a file or configure your settings to specify which files and folders to exclude:

1. Create a new file at the root of your project directory. 

    >[!TIP]
    > The root of your project directory is at the level above your **Assets** folder.

2. Name the file based on your chosen version control system:

    - **Git**: `.gitignore`. For more information, see [Git's documentation on gitignore](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore).

    - **Unity Collab**: `.collabignore`. For more information, see the [Unity User Manual](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UnityCollaborateIgnoreFiles.html).

    - **Subversion**: Ignore the files from your `svn:ignore` property or runtime configuration options. For more information, see Subversion's documentation on [Ignoring Unversioned Items](https://svnbook.red-bean.com/en/1.7/svn.advanced.props.special.ignore.html).

3. Open the file in a text editor. 

4. Add the appropriate files or file patterns to your ignore file or configuration. For an example and more information, see [Ignore file template](#ignore-file-template).

> [!NOTE]
> If you have an issue when you try to create a `.gitignore` file on Windows, refer to Microsoft's documentation on [how to create a .gitignore file from the command line](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/git/ignore-files?view=azure-devops&tabs=command-line#create-a-gitignore).

## Ignore file template

The following template ignores all core Visual Scripting files, but preserves your project settings and variables. It also includes the standard Unity ignore directives for files that you can exclude from version control. For more information, see the `Unity.gitignore` file included in [GitHub's gitignore template repository](https://github.com/github/gitignore/blob/master/Unity.gitignore).

Refer to the comments in the template for which lines to comment or remove.

```
    # Optionally exclude these transient (generated) files, 
    # because they can be easily re-generated by the package

    Assets/Unity.VisualScripting.Generated/VisualScripting.Flow/UnitOptions.db
    Assets/Unity.VisualScripting.Generated/VisualScripting.Flow/UnitOptions.db.meta
    Assets/Unity.VisualScripting.Generated/VisualScripting.Core/Property Providers
    Assets/Unity.VisualScripting.Generated/VisualScripting.Core/Property Providers.meta

    ## Unity
    # From: https://github.com/github/gitignore/blob/master/Unity.gitignore

    /[Ll]ibrary/
    /[Tt]emp/
    /[Oo]bj/
    /[Bb]uild/
    /[Bb]uilds/
    /[Ll]ogs/
    /[Uu]ser[Ss]ettings/

    # MemoryCaptures can get excessive in size.
    # They also could contain extremely sensitive data
    /[Mm]emoryCaptures/

    # Asset meta data should only be ignored when the corresponding asset is also ignored
    !/[Aa]ssets/**/*.meta

    # Uncomment this line if you want to ignore the asset store tools plugin
    # /[Aa]ssets/AssetStoreTools*

    # Autogenerated Jetbrains Rider plugin
    /[Aa]ssets/Plugins/Editor/JetBrains*

    # Visual Studio cache directory
    .vs/

    # Gradle cache directory
    .gradle/

    # Autogenerated VS/MD/Consulo solution and project files
    ExportedObj/
    .consulo/
    *.csproj
    *.unityproj
    *.sln
    *.suo
    *.tmp
    *.user
    *.userprefs
    *.pidb
    *.booproj
    *.svd
    *.pdb
    *.opendb
    *.VC.db

    # Unity3D generated meta files
    *.pidb.meta
    *.pdb.meta
    *.mdb.meta

    # Unity3D Generated File On Crash Reports
    sysinfo.txt

    # Builds
    *.apk
    *.aab
    *.unitypackage

    # Crashlytics generated file
    crashlytics-build.properties

    # Packed Addressables
    /[Aa]ssets/[Aa]ddressable[Aa]ssets[Dd]ata/*.*.bin*

    # Temporary auto-generated Android Assets
    /[Aa]ssets/[Ss]treamingAssets/aa.meta
    /[Aa]ssets/[Ss]treamingAssets/aa/*

```

## Remove previously committed files
If you committed any files to a version control solution that you want to exclude:

- See Git's documentation on [the `git-rm` command](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rm).
- See Subversion's documentation on [the `svn delete` command](https://svnbook.red-bean.com/en/1.6/svn.ref.svn.c.delete.html).
